DIAGRAMS-528: Added tenant isolation diagram to UDN docs (#88457)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/multiple_networks/primary_networks/about-user-defined-networks.adoc

The following diagram shows four cluster namespaces, where each namespace has a single assigned UDN, and each UDN has an assigned custom subnet for its pod IP allocations. The OVN-Kubernetes handles any overlapping UDN subnets. Without using the Kubernetes network policy, a pod attached to a UDN can communicate with other pods in that UDN. By default, these pods are isolated from communicating with pods that exist in other UDNs. For microsegmentation, you can apply the Kubernetes network policy within a UDN. You can assign one or more UDNs to a namespace, with a limitation of only one primary UDN to a namespace, and one or more namespaces to a UDN.

image::527-OpenShift-UDN-isolation-012025.png[The namespace isolation concept in a user-defined network (UDN)]

[NOTE]
====
Support for the Localnet topology on both primary and secondary networks will be added in a future version of {product-title}.
====

> The following diagram shows tenant isolation where each tenant has a single assigned UDN. A tenent acts as a disconnected network that is isolated from other tenants. For a namespace that exists in a tenant, pods in that namespace can use the UDN to communicate with pods from another namespace that exists in the same tenant.

Reviewer: nit: the diff between namespace isolation and tenant isolation as shown is really just to iterate more than 1 namespace can be part of same tenant.. so this usecase one can use CUDN , 1st use case one can use UDN.

Author: Thanks, updated to state:

> The following diagram shows tenant isolation where each tenant has a single assigned UDN and uses the `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` CR to define the UDN across multiple namespaces.

Unlike a network attachment definition (NAD), which is only namespaced scope, a cluster administrator can use a UDN to create and define additional networks that span multiple namespaces at the cluster level by leveraging the `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` custom resource (CR). Additionally, a cluster administrator or a cluster user can use a UDN to define additional networks at the namespace level with the `UserDefinedNetwork` CR. 

> The following diagram shows tenant isolation where each tenant has a single assigned UDN and uses the `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` CR to define the UDN across multiple namespaces. A tenant acts as a disconnected network that is isolated from other tenants. Pods from a namespace in a tenant can communicate with pods in another namespace that exists in the same tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram shows tenant isolation where each tenant has a CUDN CR to allow the network to span across multiple namespaces that belong to each tenant. A tenant acts as a disconnected network that is isolated from other tenants (networks)?. Pods from a namespace in a tenant can communicate with pods in another namespace that exists in the same tenant.
```
its 1 CUDN that makes ns1 ns2 part of udn-1 and similarly for the second tenant. so 2 CUDNS... suggesting the removal of assigned UDN using a CUDN phrase there to avoid confusion.

> The following diagram shows tenant isolation that a cluster administrator created by defining a `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` (CR) for each tenant. This network configuration allows a network to span across many namespaces. In the diagram, `udn-1` selects `namespace-1` and namespace-2`; `udn-2` selects `namespace-3` and namespace-4`. A tenant acts as a disconnected network that is isolated from other networks. Pods from a namespace in a tenant can communicate with pods in another namespace that exists in the same tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram shows tenant isolation that a cluster administrator created by defining a `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` (CR) for each tenant. This network configuration allows a network to span across many namespaces. In the diagram, `udn-1` selects `namespace-1` and `namespace-2`; `udn-2` selects `namespace-3` and `namespace-4`. A tenant acts as a disconnected network that is isolated from other tenants' networks. Pods from a namespace can communicate with pods in another namespace only if those namespaces are part of the same tenant network.
```

Author: Thanks, updated.

> 

Reviewer 2: Would you want to say disconnected network udn1 is across two namespaces, namespace-1 and namespace-2 while second disconnected network udn2 is across two namespaces, namepace-3 and namespace-4. It is just language, explanation of diagram makes sense.

Author: Hi @asood-rh . I added "disconnected network" but Surya specifically wanted to emphasize "selects" as the verb. Is this OK with you?
